Added article and tutorial about Navigation Bar (#778)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/intro/content_updates.md

### May-22

Navigation Bar

> : Add [](navbar.md) section with an [accompanying tutorial](structure_aware_navbar.md) that show how to implement a custom navigation bar for custom languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Add [](navbar.md) section with an [accompanying tutorial](structure_aware_navbar.md) showing how to implement a custom navigation bar for a custom language.
```
